Expand Resource section (#3543)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/scripting/gdscript/gdscript_exports.rst

    export(Resource) var resource
    # In the Inspector, you can then drag and drop a resource file
    # from the FileSystem dock into the variable slot.
    

>     # Opening resource from the FileSystem will drop-down an
>     # extremely long lists of new classes to create, however.
>     # Therefore, if you specify an extension of Resource such as:
>     export(AnimationNode) var resource
>     # The drop-down menu will be limited to AnimationNode and all
>     # its inherited classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Opening the inspector dropdown may result in an
    # extremely long list of possible classes to create, however.
    # Therefore, if you specify an extension of Resource such as:
    export(AnimationNode) var resource
    # The drop-down menu will be limited to AnimationNode and all
    # its inherited classes.
```
